---
layout: post
title:  "Docs"
date:   2017-07-22 16:29:06 -0700
---


## Docs

## Setup
**`source:`** Which content to flow across pages. If the content is on the same page, use a CSS selector. You can also use a reference to the node. If the content must be fetched from a remote page, pass an object in the form of `{ url, selector}`.

{% highlight js %}
// CSS selector
Bindery.makeBook({
  source: '#content',
});

// Node reference
Bindery.makeBook({
  source: document.getElementByID('content'),
});

// Fetch from a URL
Bindery.makeBook({
  source: {
    selector: '#content',
    url: '/posts.html',
  }
});
{% endhighlight %}

## Layout

**`pageUnit: `** String representing units. Should be one of the following: `'px'`, `'pt'`, `'pc'`, `'in'` (default), `'cm'`, `'mm'`

**`pageSize:`** Size of page, as `{ width, height }`, in `pageUnits`
Default: `{ width: 4, height: 6 }`

**`pageMargin:`** Size of margins, as `{ top, inner, outer, bottom }`, in `pageUnits`
Default:  `{  top: 0.25, inner: 0.25, outer: 0.25, bottom: 0.25, }`

{% highlight js %}
Bindery.makeBook({
  source: '#content',
  pageUnit: 'pt',
  pageSize: { height: 500, width: 350 },
  pageMargin: { top: 20, bottom: 40, inner: 20, outer: 30 },
});
{% endhighlight %}


## Viewing

**`autorun:`** Boolean, default true. When true, bindery will run automatically. This is useful if you want to locate the book at its own url, ie "example.com/book.html". Set to false if you want to call `myBindery.makeBook()` from your own code. When Bindery is presented from your code, it will show a Done button.

**`startingView: `** `'grid'` (default), `'interactive'` (3D Book), or `'print'` (print preview, showing sheet with crop marks and bleed).

**`rules:`** An array of Rules. Use Rules to set up a page based on what content ends up on it.
  - Default: `[]` (No rules applied)

## Rules

- BreakBefore
- Footnote
- FullPage
- Spread
- PageReference
- RunningHeader

## Creating Custom Rules

TK
